---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Introduction 

Welcome to my portfolio! Within this platform, I aim to showcase the evidence of my efforts during my internship, including my various projects, research endeavors, and testing initiatives. As part of my commitment to transparency and thorough documentation, I plan to make regular updates on a weekly basis. These updates will encompass a wealth of information, offering insights, and providing detailed records of my experiences within the company. My ultimate goal is to provide you with comprehensive and accurate documentation, providing a genuine understanding of the contributions I have made during my internship. 

##  


### About the company

Cape, a cutting-edge **software-as-a-service** (SAAS) company,which specializes in developing digital marketing solutions that
enable businesses to handle all their marketing tasks internally. With their comprehensive platform, they provide companies
with a unified interface where they can effortlessly design, strategize, launch, and monitor the outcomes of their online
marketing campaigns. What sets them apart is the commitment to tailoring their tool to suit the unique requirements of each
individual customer. This customization feature has made the solution highly sought-after by major corporations such as
**TakeAway.com, BasicFit, Rituals**, and many more. Unlike standardized tools, their offers aligns perfectly with the diverse
needs of larger enterprises.
As a young and dynamic company, the core values revolve around innovation and growth within the online marketing sector.
Cape, fosters a vibrant and informal work environment, encouraging collaboration among our sociable and hardworking
colleagues. While Cape operates independently, they are proud to be a part of Peach, a renowned digital media agency with
over 100 professionals spanning the globe. While Cape’s headquarters is based in Amsterdam, their dedicated product
development team is located in Tilburg.
In summary, Cape empowers companies to take control of their digital marketing endeavors by providing them with an all-in-
one solution tailored to their specific requirements. Their relentless pursuit of innovation and affiliation with Peach allow them
to offer unparalleled expertise and support to their valued customers.


### The assignment 


 ### The original version of the assignment 
 In today's context, there is a growing demand for rapidly creating advertisements. The internet offers significant opportunities for individuals and companies to promote their businesses through ads. However, some entrepreneurs and small companies lack the necessary skills or time to design their own advertisements, additionally there is often a shortage of templates tailored to their specific marketing needs of the users.
#### Project scope 

**In simpler terms, my role in this project involves working on the implementation of an AI model that will generate templates that are more precise and well-suited to the specific needs of each client.** This involved an in-depth exploration to identify an AI model that aligns with the preferences and needs of users using the Template designer. The primary aim of my research was to gain a comprehensive understanding of the user base, utilizing Cape's extensive background statistics. These statistics offer a wealth of information, including user demographics like age, job position, gender, as well as their experiences and satisfaction levels with the tool.

Furthermore, a key objective was to identify and select a suitable text-to-image AI model specifically for template generation. This model needs to be capable of accurately interpreting user inputs to produce relevant and high-quality templates. Additionally, becoming acquainted with the Template designer platform itself forms a secondary goal of my research. This involved understanding its functionalities and user interface, which is crucial for ensuring that the chosen AI model integrates seamlessly and enhances the overall user experience. The ultimate goal was to make informed decisions that lead to improvements in the Template designer, making it more intuitive and effective for our users. 

#### The reason 

The motivation for this shift is Cape's venture into new technologies, particularly AI, which they see as essential for staying current and relevant in the rapidly evolving tech landscape. This transition is expected to significantly enhance the code structure underlying their platform. By integrating AI model for generating images, templates, and backgrounds, the process becomes more automated. This automation will simplify the workload for developers working with the Template designer, as it eliminates the need for manually coding image generation algorithms.

Previously, designing templates was a time-intensive task handled by the company's designers, which was not only inefficient but also resource-heavy. The introduction of an AI model streamlines this process, reducing both the time and cost associated with creating and maintaining bespoke algorithms. This integration not only saves resources but also paves the way for expansion and the potential to attract new customers by offering a more advanced and user-friendly platform. Cape's move towards AI integration is a strategic step to enhance their product's efficiency and appeal in a competitive market.

#### Concerns 
The main challenge I anticipate during this project lies in the successful implementation of the AI tool for generating customized advertising templates. Ensuring that the AI system accurately understands and interprets the specific requirements of each client is crucial. It will require fine-tuning and refining the AI's capabilities to generate templates that not only meet the client's needs but also align with their marketing goals. Additionally, there may be a need to address any potential issues related to the diversity of client requirements and the adaptability of the AI tool. My role will involve navigating these challenges, working to optimize the AI system's performance, and ensuring that it consistently delivers high-quality and tailored templates for our clients' marketing endeavors.

This project offers many benefits one of which is to provide clients with an invaluable tool that simplifies and expedites the creation of tailored advertising templates, ultimately enhancing their marketing efforts. This will lead to improved efficiency and productivity in promoting their businesses or services. Furthermore, the project aligns with the rapidly evolving landscape of AI technology, ensuring that the platform remains cutting-edge and future-proof. It enhances Cape’s competitive edge and positions them as a one of the leaders in the industry. Lastly, the implementation of this AI tool can potentially expand client base by catering to entrepreneurs and businesses that previously lacked the resources or skills for effective ad design. Overall, the project's benefits encompass improved client satisfaction, technological advancement, and potential business growth.

### The new version of the assignment

At the start of the project, my job was to add a tool that turns text into images in Cape's Template Designer tool. This meant I needed to train the model to make certain types of pictures in my case templates for ads. I spent two weeks research different models to see which one fits the need of the clients of the tool. I used methods like Competitive analysis and A/B Testing to pick the right one for the Template Designer. During the A/B Testing, I had to try out Stable diffusion and Dall-e2 which based on the conducted Comparison chart turned to be the best text-to-image models in my own tests. I checked if they are easyly implementable in the Cape's code base, if its easy ot generate images fast and how hard is to train them. I found out it was hard to train them to do a very specific job. I tried using the most popular program for such kind of tasks popular PyTorch, but it was hard for me because the in order to train the model i had to use Python, a programming language I don't know well. Also, training a tool that makes visual images needs a lot of computer power. This was when I realized this task was too hard for me, also because training a tool for visual images needs a lot of computer power, which neither my computer nor Cape's had at the time. This experience tied back to my initial two weeks of research and showed why my first task was too hard.

After understanding that the task was too challenging for me, I decided to talk with my mentor about the next steps. Together, we sought advice from experienced developers at Cape, who agreed that the assignment was difficult. This resulted in my mentor assigning me a different task for the remainder of my internship.
#### Project scope 
**My new task at Cape was to work on a new AI feature that creates voice-over audio scripts for marketing campaigns.** 
This project bears many resemblances to my previous one, as it too involves a thorough exploration into AI technology. However, this time the focus shifts to the text-to-speech sector of this relatively new field. The main aim of my research is to delve once again into the user base of the Campaign Designer platform, utilizing data specifically tailored by Cape. This task presents a greater challenge this time around, given that the feature in question is yet to be developed.

A significant part of the research involves identifying an AI model that not only delivers exceptional audio quality but also offers customization options to suit a variety of user scenarios and their marketing campaigns but also to support a number of langauges. These are the key objectives and requirements set forth by the company, as they already have a clear vision for how the tool should function. The designers have even created a prototype, and I have been granted access to it. This access is crucial as it allows me to fully understand and align with their vision, ensuring that the chosen AI model fits seamlessly into the planned structure and enhances the overall functionality of the tool.

#### The reason 

Cape's motivation for this initiative is to enhance their user base's ability to improve their campaigns by offering a broader and better selection of features and tools. As mentioned in my previous assignment, Cape is actively integrating various AI technologies into their systems. This strategy aims to maintain contemporary standards, streamline code structure, and simplify maintenance processes. By automating these processes, Cape can avoid the need to develop bespoke algorithms or AI models, resulting in significant time and cost savings, which are crucial for a company of Cape's scale.

Adding a voice-over generator to their platform opens up new possibilities, encouraging customers to continue using their services as they recognize Cape's commitment to enhancing their productivity and user experience. This feature also presents an opportunity for users to reduce costs in their marketing campaign development. With instant voice generation capabilities, the need for external voice recording studios and voice actors is eliminated. Users can choose from multiple voice modes, offering flexibility and customization.

This functionality will not only speeds up the creation of marketing campaigns but will also facilitates expansion into different markets, as the AI model's multilingual capabilities meet a crucial requirement. By implementing this feature, Cape aims to streamline the marketing process for their customers, making it more efficient and versatile in reaching diverse audiences.
#### Concerns

A primary hurdle I foresee in this project is the effective deployment of the AI tool designed for creating audio files for text. It's vital that the AI accurately grasps and processes each client's unique needs. This will involve meticulous adjustments and enhancements to the AI's functionality, enabling it to produce audio that not only fulfill the clients' specifications but also resonate with their marketing objectives. Furthermore, I may need to tackle issues arising from the varied demands of clients and the AI tool's capacity to adapt to these diverse needs. My responsibility will be to steer through these complexities, aiming to refine the AI system's efficacy and guaranteeing its consistent delivery of high-quality, customized templates that effectively support our clients' marketing efforts.


This project holds significant importance for the company, aligning with one of Cape's core objectives: to simplify ad creation for clients and enhance the automation of tasks within the Campaign Designer. The introduction of this AI voice-over tool enables clients to effortlessly produce voice-overs for their campaigns, streamlining the process and ensuring both speed and simplicity. The quality of these voice-overs is high, and they can be tailored to meet specific client requirements.

Integrating this tool is a crucial step in Cape's strategy to incorporate more sophisticated AI technologies, aiming to future-proof their platform. It's anticipated that this addition will substantially improve the advertising and campaign management services we provide, making them more effective and efficient. Therefore, the development of this AI voice-over generator is a top priority for the company, as it directly contributes to their broader strategic objectives and their vision for ongoing growth and advancement. 